Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Absolute Value; V-shaped symmetric distance pattern with minimum -1.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Linear; constant first difference 4.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Quadratic; constant second difference 2 with starting output 1.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Exponential; constant ratio 2 with starting output 2.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Quadratic; constant second difference 2 with starting output 10.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Quadratic; constant second difference 2 with starting output 6.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Absolute Value; V-shaped symmetric distance pattern with minimum 9.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Linear; constant first difference 3.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Exponential; constant ratio 4 with starting output 13.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Linear; constant first difference 8.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Quadratic; constant second difference 2 with starting output -6.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Quadratic; constant second difference 2 with starting output 17.
Classify the function family represented by the table and name the numerical pattern that supports your choice., Linear; constant first difference 2.
Choose an efficient method for solving $x^2-17x+72=0$ and justify the choice from the equation structure., Factoring; the trinomial factors quickly into integer binomials.
Choose an efficient method for solving $x^2+6x=33$ and justify the choice from the equation structure., Completing The Square; the leading coefficient is 1 and the linear coefficient is easy to halve.
Choose an efficient method for solving $6x^2+14x-12=0$ and justify the choice from the equation structure., Quadratic Formula; it is not presented in an immediately factorable form and the quadratic formula applies directly.
Choose an efficient method for solving $x^2-21x+110=0$ and justify the choice from the equation structure., Factoring; the trinomial factors quickly into integer binomials; check value 0.
Choose an efficient method for solving $x^2+6x=14$ and justify the choice from the equation structure., Completing The Square; the leading coefficient is 1 and the linear coefficient is easy to halve; check value 14.
